The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.
I’m a living furnace.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Instead of a bachelorette party
Love is not like pizza.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
The river stole the gods.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
She cried diamonds.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
We should play with legos at camp.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
In that instant, everything changed.
Love is not like pizza.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
Mary plays the piano.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
Just go ahead and press that button.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce, try combining the two, it’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
The river stole the gods.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
In that instant, everything changed.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
So long and thanks for the fish.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
The father died during childbirth.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.